
try to get rid of adb dependency, or make adb presentable

triphi.txt has some redundancy. checks are good, but I think it goes beyond that. Better formatting would be nice somehow. Maybe jupityr notebooks? yacas supports jupityr, mathcha.io is pleasant for presenting results or generating SVG.

Glyph is good for no rotation/flip. That's probably fine, but some thoughts..
  even out the space perpendicularly from the rays to the glyph, probably weighing the pointy end less. convex hull might help a lot, but it's less obvious how to define the pointy tail. actually, it isn't that hard, the convex hull would be highly pointy.
  skipping convex hull, another approach is to pick a center of the glyph and draw perpendiculars to the borders.
  interactively adjust position based on parameters, probably with some interpolation

PNG output with cairo?
  svglib to reportlab looks more direct? be nice if it was all-free
  cairosvg looks not so bad, but setting up cairo might be hairy, and requires python3
    it claims a compiler is required for windoze.. that doesn't sound right
  provide a cairosvg script but no dependency

Align tile with an axis, two levgels of recursion. Haven't worked out how to tile otherwise.

In inkscape, turn off all tiles except a flipped pair, select all, resize page to selection, turn tiles back on, export to bitmap! IRfanview will make a tiling from the unit tile.


Legend Layout is getting too tricky, and it keeps being tweaked. Make it a big block with the native layout side-by-side with the figure, rather than trying to fill in the void. Maybe make the void part of the native layout!

Add a proportional displacement to the label; only applies to x direction.
Maybe not proportional exactly. Maybe an anchor, that defaults to center.

Add angle labels, find the bisector and position the label according to a displacement provided. LoC and inverse trig. Something like the angle sorting.

Upload to Github!

Check out the results of atan2/5() in make_ccw(), and if it's sorting correctly


I think I have a rabbit hole to vanish into.. The Plastic Number!

I've been meaning to characterize the Special General Cases, what sort of interesting proportions lie in there? The Golden Ratio is only one among a continuum, and the Padovan Numbers also involve equilateral triangles. They are to the Plastic Ratio as Fibonacci Numbers are to the Golden Ratio. Or any sequence that is the sum of the last two elements. Reals, complex should work. Quaternions and Octonions, less sure. Seems like supporting addition/subtraction and multiplication/division should suffice?



You can get them from Pascal's Triangle, too! I might have a new favorite constant. Eep!
I'm guessing not. They are neat, but maybe not as broadly useful?

The Golden Ratio and The Plastic Number have a unique connection. They are the only numbers s.t. for natural numbers k,l x+1=x^k and x-1=x^-l.

Symbols are all over the place. The Numberphile video used capital psi, Wikipedia lowercase rho, and Mathworld a capital Latin "P".
